AhaSlides has two language settings — one for the presenter interface, one for the audience.
Click the globe icon in the header to open the presenter language list.
Choose from 27 interface languages — English, Español, Français, Deutsch, 中文, 日本語 and more. The interface switches instantly.
Now let's set the audience language. It lives inside each presentation's Settings.
After opening a presentation, click Poll to add a slide — then we'll go to Settings.
Click the Settings icon in the right panel to open presentation settings.
In the Settings panel, click Presentation language to reach the audience language picker.
AhaSlides supports 32 audience languages. English is selected by default. Scroll through Bahasa Indonesia, Čeština, Deutsch, Español, Français, and 27 more.
Let's choose Español. All participant-facing text switches to Spanish immediately.
The language is saved automatically. Close Settings to return to the editor.
Click Preview to see the audience view in Spanish.
The participant screen switches to Spanish — the join text, buttons, and interface all appear in Español.
Both settings save automatically. Combine them to run fully multilingual sessions.